Localization: big docs update (#8961)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/PolarChart/10 Visual Elements/040 Tooltips.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify tooltip appearance by changing properties listed below.
```

Align text within tooltips as required using the [paddingLeftRight](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/BaseWidget/1%20Configuration/tooltip/paddingLeftRight.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/tooltip/#paddingLeftRight') and [paddingTopBottom](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/BaseWidget/1%20Configuration/tooltip/paddingTopBottom.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/tooltip/#paddingTopBottom') properties of the **tooltip** configuration object.

* **Text Customization and Formatting**		

> By default, tooltips represent point values. You can change the way these values are shown. For this purpose, use [format](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/BaseWidget/1%20Configuration/tooltip/format.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/tooltip/#format') tooltip property. If required, you can set custom text to be displayed by tooltips. For this purpose, assign a function specifying the text to be shown to the [customizeTooltip](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxPolarChart/1%20Configuration/tooltip/customizeTooltip.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/tooltip/#customizeTooltip') property of the **tooltip** object. For details on formatting, refer to the [Value Formatting](/concepts/Common/Localization%20and%20Globalization/10%20Value%20Formatting '/concepts/Common/Localization%20and%20Globalization/10%20Value%20Formatting/00%20Value%20Formatting.md') help section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, tooltips represent point values. You can change the way these values are shown. To do so, use the [format](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/BaseWidget/1%20Configuration/tooltip/format.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/tooltip/#format') tooltip property. If required, you can set custom text to be displayed by tooltips. For this purpose, assign a function that specifies text to be shown to the [customizeTooltip](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxPolarChart/1%20Configuration/tooltip/customizeTooltip.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/tooltip/#customizeTooltip') property of the **tooltip** object. For details on formatting, refer to the [Value Formatting](/concepts/Common/Localization%20and%20Globalization/10%20Value%20Formatting '/concepts/Common/Localization%20and%20Globalization/10%20Value%20Formatting/00%20Value%20Formatting.md') help section.
```
